			General info
			------------
Subcription/unsubscription/info requests should always be sent to the -request
address of a mailinglist.
If a mailinglist for example is called "thelist@some.domain", then the -request
address can be inferred from this to be: "thelist-request@some.domain".

To subscribe to a mailinglist, simply send a message with the word "subscribe"
in the Subject: field to the -request address of that list.

As in:		To: thelist-request@some.domain
		Subject: subscribe

To unsubscribe from a mailinglist, simply send a message with the word (you
guessed it :-) "unsubscribe" in the Subject: field to the -request address of
that list.

As in:		To: thelist-request@some.domain
		Subject: unsubscribe

In the event of an address change, it would probably be the wisest to first
send an unsubscribe for the old address (this can be done from the new
address), and then a new subscribe for the new address (the order is
important).

Most (un)subscription requests are processed automatically without human
intervention.

Do not send multiple (un)subscription or info requests in one mail.  Only one
will be processed per mail.

NOTE: The -request server usually does quite a good job in discriminating
      between (un)subscribe requests and messages intended for the maintainer.
      If you'd like to make sure a human reads your message, make it look
      like a reply (i.e. the first word in the Subject: field should be "Re:",
      without the quotes of course); the -request server does not react to
      replies.


			The archive server
			------------------
Every submission sent to this list is archived.	 The size of the archive
depends on the limits set by the list maintainer (it is very well possible
that only, say, the last two mails sent to the list are still archived, the
rest might have expired).

You can look at the header of every mail coming from this list to see
under what name it has been archived.  The X-Mailing-List: field contains
the mailaddress of the list and the file in which this submission was
archived.

If you want to access this archive, you have to send mails to the -request
address with the word "archive" as the first word of your Subject:.
To get you started try sending a mail to the -request address with
the following:
		Subject: archive help
--
